king of the road Irv Gordon has been
driving this 1966 1202 1846 years with a
staggering two million nine hundred and
ninety four thousand miles on the clock
is said to break the three million mile
barrier my friends used to think it was
slightly nuts but now they're very
impressed that the car is getting the
attention that it's getting they are
waiting to see them guess the three
million miles also they're very
enthusiastic about it from Long Island
New York
began his love affair with the Volvo in
1966 when he laid eyes on the car for
the first time I paid four thousand one
hundred and fifty dollars which was a
whole year's salary for me I put fifteen
hundred miles on the car the first
weekend I owned it I just couldn't get
out of the cars having such a good time
I just spent all Friday night all day
Saturday all day Sunday came back Monday
for its 1,500 mile checkup driving an
average of 60,000 miles a year the 70
year olds travels have taken him all
over America even around the world in
2009 the car received the Guinness world
record for the highest vehicle mileage
clocking in excess of two million seven
hundred and twenty-one thousand miles
I've always liked driving everybody has
to have a hobby some people drink some
people take drugs driving is my drug of
choice as you might expect all those
miles required a lot of maintenance work
today
Irv is paid for a hundred and fifty
seven oil changes 120 lots of
transmission fluid 30 Drive belts and
150 different points and plugs not to
mention the thousands of dollars he
spent on petrol
I like to drive so I could be spending
it on I don't know golf I could be
bowling I could be doing whatever I
choose to spend my time at the gas
station keeping the car up in just a few
months time the car is expected to reach
three million miles but after 46 years
Irv is finally ready to say goodbye so
if you have a spare three million
dollars in the bank then this classic
could be yours
oh it's for sale I'm entertaining offers
of $1 a mile I like driving a new car
they have air conditioning and power
everything and power seats and heated
seats and night stereos and all kinds
are wonderful safety equipment all the
things that my car doesn't have but
until he finds a buyer Irv we'll
continue hitting the highways and
clocking up more miles in all the miles
just add up after 46 years keep driving
and driving and driving
I've never gotten tired of this one and
I still enjoy driving
you